# Detailed Info about Capturer Configuration Parameters

Here is a list of parameters inside the configuration files that can be changed using the FacerecService.Config.overrideParameter object:

* `max_processed_width` and `max_processed_height` – (for trackers only) limit the size of the image that is passed to the internal detector of new faces.
* `min_size` and `max_size` – minimum and maximum face size for detection (for trackers: the size is defined for an image already downscaled according to the restrictions `max_processed_width` and `max_processed_height`).
* `min_neighbors` – an integer detector parameter. Please note that large values require higher detection confidence. You can change this parameter based on the situation, for example, increase the value if a large number of false detections are observed or decrease the value if a large number of faces are not detected. Do not change this parameter if you are not sure.
* `min_detection_period` – (for trackers only) a real number that means the minimum time (in seconds) between two runs of the internal detector. A zero value means ‘no restrictions’. Used to reduce the processor load. Large values increase the latency in detection of new faces.
* `max_detection_period` – (for trackers only) an integer that means the max time (in frames) between two runs of the internal detector. A zero value means ‘no restrictions’. For example, if you are processing a video offline, you can set the value to `1` so as not to miss a single person.
* `max_occlusion_time_wait` – (for trackers only) a real number in seconds. When the tracker detects face occlusion, it holds the face position and tries to track it on new frames during this time.
* `fda_max_bad_count_wait` – an integer. When `fda_tracker` detects the decline in the face quality, it tries to track this face with the general purpose tracker (instead of the fda method designed and tuned for faces) during at most `fda_max_bad_count_wait` frames.
* `base_angle` – an integer: `0`, `1`, `2`, or `3`. Set camera orientation: `0` means `standard` (default), `1` means `+90 degrees`, `2` means `-90 degrees`, `3` means `180 degrees`.
* `fake_detections_cnt` – an integer. Number of start positions to search a face using `video_worker_fdatracker_fake_detector.xml`.
* `fake_detections_period` – an integer. Each start position will be used once in `fake_detections_period` frames.
* `fake_rect_center_xN`, `fake_rect_center_yN`, `fake_rect_angleN`, `fake_rect_sizeN` – real numbers. Parameters of start positions. N is from `0` to `fake_detections_cnt – 1` including. `fake_rect_center_xN` – x coordinate of a center relative to the image width. `fake_rect_center_yN` – y coordinate of a center relative to the image height. `fake_rect_angleN` – roll angle in degrees. `fake_rect_sizeN` – size relative to max(image width, image height).
* `downscale_rawsamples_to_preferred_size` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. Default value is `enabled`. When enabled, `Capturer` downscales each sample to the suitable size (see `RawSample.downscaleToPreferredSize`) in order to reduce memory consumption. However, it decreases the performance. It's recommended to disable `downscale_rawsamples_to_preferred_size` and use `RawSample.downscaleToPreferredSize` manually for `RawSamples` that you need to save or keep in RAM for a long time.
