# Detailed Info about VideoWorker Configuration Parameters

Here is the list of parameters from the configuration file that can be changed with the `FacerecService.Config.overrideParameter` method:

* `max_processed_width` and `max_processed_height` – to limit the size of the image that is submitted to the internal detector of new faces.
* `min_size` and `max_size` – minimum and maximum face size for detection (the size is defined for the image already downscaled under `max_processed_width` and `max_processed_height`).
* `min_neighbors` – an integer detector parameter. Please note that large values require greater detection confidence. You can change this parameter based on the situation, for example, increase the value if a large number of false detections are observed, and decrease the value if a large number of faces are not detected. Do not change this setting if you are not sure.
* `min_detection_period` – a real number that means the minimum time (in seconds) between two runs of the internal detector. A zero value means ‘no restrictions’. It is used to reduce the processor load. Large values increase the latency in detecting new faces.
* `max_detection_period` – an integer that means the max time (in frames) between two runs of the internal detector. A zero value means ‘no restrictions’. For example, if you are processing a video offline, you can set the value to `1` so as not to miss a single person.
* `consecutive_match_count_for_match_found_callback` – an integer that means the number of consecutive matches of a track with the same person from the database to consider this match valid (see also `VideoWorker.MatchFoundCallbackU`).
* `recognition_yaw_min_threshold`, `recognition_yaw_max_threshold`, `recognition_pitch_min_threshold` and `recognition_pitch_max_threshold` – real numbers that mean the restrictions on the face orientation to be used for recognition.
* `min_tracking_face_size` – a real number, means the minimum size of a tracked face.
* `max_tracking_face_size` – a real number, means the maximum size of a tracked face size, non-positive value removes this limitation.
* `min_template_generation_face_size` – a real number, means the minimum face size for template generation, faces of lower size will be marked as `weak = true`.
* `single_match_mode` – an integer, `1` means that the single match mode is enabled, `0` means that the single match is disabled. If this mode is on, the track that is matched with the person from the database will never generate a template and be matched with the database once again.
* `delayed_samples_in_tracking_callback` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. The fact is that the internal detector, which detects new faces, does not have time to work on all the frames. Therefore, some samples may be received with a delay. If the value `1` is selected, all delayed samples will be transmitted to `TrackingCallbackFunc`. Otherwise, the delayed samples appear only if otherwise the callback order would be violated (i.e. a track sample must appear at least once in `TrackingCallback` before calling `TrackingLostCallback` for this track). Use the `RawSample.getFrameID` method to determine to what frame a sample actually belongs.
* `weak_tracks_in_tracking_callback` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. By default this flag is disabled and samples with the flag of `weak = true` are not passed to the `Tracking` callback if at the time of their creation there were no samples with the same `track_id` (`track_id = sample.getID()`) with the flag of `weak=false`. If `weak_tracks_in_tracking_callback` is enabled then all samples are passed to the `Tracking` callback, so the `TrackingLost` callback can be called with `best_quality_sample = NULL`.
* `search_k` – an integer, which means the maximum number of elements returned to the `VideoWorker.MatchFoundCallbackU` callback, i.e. this is the `k` parameter, passed internally in the `Recognizer.search` method.
* `processing_queue_size_limit` – an integer that means the max count of samples in the queue for template creation. It is used to limit the memory consumption in cases, where new faces appear faster than templates are created.
* `matching_queue_size_limit` – an integer that means the max count of templates in the queue for matching with database. It is used to limit the memory consumption in cases, where new templates appear faster than they are matched with the database (this can happen in case of a very large database).
* `recognizer_processing_less_memory_consumption` – an integer that will be used as a value of the `processing_less_memory_consumption` flag in the `FacerecService.createRecognizer` method to create an internal recognizer.
* `not_found_match_found_callback` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`, calls `VideoWorker.MatchFoundCallbackU` after N consecutive mismatches.
* `depth_data_flag` – an integer value, `1` turns on depth frame processing to confirm face liveness (means that it belongs to a real person) during face recognition, `0` turns off this mode. All overriden parameters with the name prefix `depth_liveness.` are forwarded to the `DepthLivenessEstimator` config with the prefix removed. So if you need to override `paramname` param for depth liveness, you need to override `depth_liveness.paramname` for `VideoWorker`. See `FacerecService.Config.overrideParameter`.
* `timestamp_distance_threshold_in_microsecs` – maximum allowed distance between the timestamps of a color image and a corresponding depth frame in microseconds; used if `depth_data_flag` is set.
* `max_frames_number_to_synch_depth` – maximum queue size when synchronizing the depth data; used if `depth_data_flag` is set.
* `max_frames_queue_size` – maximum queue size of frames used by the tracker; when `depth_data_flag` is set, the recommended value is max(3, rgbFPS / depthFPS).
* `offline_work_i_e_dont_use_time` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. Default value is `disabled`. When enabled, the check with `max_detector_confirm_wait_time` is not performed. Also `max_occlusion_count_wait` will be used istead of `max_occlusion_time_wait`.
* `max_occlusion_time_wait` – a real number in seconds. When the tracker detects face occlusion, it holds the face position and tries to track it on new frames during this time.
* `max_occlusion_count_wait` – an integer. Means the same as `max_occlusion_time_wait` but in this case time is measured in frames instead of seconds. Used only when `offline_work_i_e_dont_use_time` is enabled.
* `fda_max_bad_count_wait` – an integer. When `fda_tracker` detects decline in the face quality, it tries to track that face with the general purpose tracker (instead of the *fda* method designed and tuned for faces) during at most `fda_max_bad_count_wait` frames.
* `base_angle` – an integer: `0`, `1`, `2`, or `3`. Set camera orientation: `0` means `standard` (default), `1` means `+90 degrees`, `2` means `-90 degrees`, `3` means `180 degrees`.
* `fake_detections_cnt` – an integer. Number of start positions to search a face using `video_worker_fdatracker_fake_detector.xml`.
* `fake_detections_period` – an integer. Each start position will be used once in `fake_detections_period frames`.
* `fake_rect_center_xN`, `fake_rect_center_yN`, `fake_rect_angleN`, `fake_rect_sizeN` – real numbers. Parameters of start positions. N is from `0` to `fake_detections_cnt – 1` including. `fake_rect_center_xN` – x coordinate of a center relative to the image width. `fake_rect_center_yN` – y coordinate of a center relative to the image height. `fake_rect_angleN` – roll angle in degrees. `fake_rect_sizeN` – size relative to max(image width, image height).
* `downscale_rawsamples_to_preferred_size` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. The default value is `enabled`. When enabled, `VideoWorker` downscales each sample to the suitable size (see `RawSample.downscaleToPreferredSize`) in order to reduce memory consumption. However, it decreases the performance. It's recommended to disable `downscale_rawsamples_to_preferred_size` and use `RawSample.downscaleToPreferredSize` manually for `RawSamples` that you need to save or keep in RAM for a long time.
* `squeeze_match_found_callback_groups` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. Default value is `disabled`. When the track gets the first N consecutive matches with the same person from the database, all N matches will be reported (where N = value of `consecutive_match_count_for_match_found_callback`), i.e. there will be N consecutive `VideoWorker.MatchFoundCallbackU` calls. But if `squeeze_match_found_callback_groups` is enabled, only one match will be reported – the one with the minimal distance to the database.
* `debug_log_enabled` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. Default value is `disabled`. This can also be enabled by setting the environment variable `FACE_SDK_VIDEOWORKER_DEBUG_LOG_ENABLED` to `1`. If enabled, `VideoWorker` logs the result of its work in `std::clog`.
* `need_stable_results` – an integer, `1` means `enabled`, `0` means `disabled`. Default value is `disabled`. The idea is to produce the same results when working with the same data. It disable few optimizations that can produce slightly different results due to unstable order of multithreaded computations. Also it enables `offline_work_i_e_dont_use_time` and `set max_detection_period` value to `1`. Also it disables the frame skip (disables the limit set by `max_frames_queue_size`).
